removed default for lint, changed pythonPath to demisto-sdk path (#27)
demisto/vscode-extension: README.md

## Configurations  

### Demisto-SDK Path

> The default behaviour of the extension when running a demisto-sdk command is to run `demisto-sdk <command>`. You can set a different demisto-sdk path (if you want to run always on the same demisto-sdk or when you're using a tool like pipx). You can set the `xsoar.demisto-sdk.Path` to the demisto-sdk executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default behavior of the extension when running a demisto-sdk command is to run `demisto-sdk <command>`. You can set a different demisto-sdk path (if you want to run always on the same demisto-sdk or when you're using a tool like pipx). You can set the `xsoar.demisto-sdk.Path` to the demisto-sdk executable.
```

### Auto Linters

The Cortex XSOAR extension will automatically use the demisto-sdk to lint (code files) and validate (.yml files) your packs.

> To turn on auto-linters in your workspace, set `xsoar.autoFindProblems.readProblems` settings to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To turn on auto-linters in your workspace, set the `xsoar.autoFindProblems.readProblems` setting to `true`.
```
